*SMALL
*line 10
*TEXT
*SPEED 8
You ascended to the highest floor of Skeldal, the magical
tower built by five fallen mages, former
disciples of the mage Nimeth, to protect themselves while
immersed in the preparation of their ultimate spell, which
is to open the gates to forbidden dimensions.
Your party, with the Sword of Retribution, forged for them by a demon
dwelling in the midst of the Labyrinth of Singing Waters, stormed into
the guarded chamber, on whose purple stone floor a
pentagram was carved, and caused a massacre among the mages, exhausted
by the preparation of the demanding spell. You disrupted
the circle, which had been maintained for many months by the slain mages,
and which was essential for the spell's completion.
It was, however, at the last moment. The spell was practically
finished at the time of your intrusion, and the mana-soaked ground
began to crack under the pressure of the monsters trying
to break through from the underground spaces. Your strongest warrior
raised the Sword of Retribution for the last time and with a mighty throw plunged it
hilt-deep into the chest of the first demon that burst through from another
dimension.
Thus you completed your mission and restored hope for the future to this world.
Life began to return to Rovenland,
and this small island in the middle of the Dragon Sea once again became
an important trading center. The three heroes who emerged
from the Krow-Kane ritual returned to where they were summoned from.
Roland became a respected merchant in Caredbar, Gralt journeyed
after another obscure legend to the fire land of Hadim, and Erik returned
to his father, whom he helped in the library for several years
before departing with a merchant ship to the
great continent.
The great adventure, destined from the beginning of ages,
has ended. The endless battle of good and evil, the forces
of light and darkness, which creatures of all races and nations will
have to wage until the very end of eternity.

And by the way, the password for the maps is: Věk nových Bohů
*KONECSUB